PORT-13473 Update TF & CircleCI docs pages to use secrets (#2141)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/actions-and-automations/setup-backend/webhook/circle-ci/circle-ci.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Circle CI Actions

Port's Circle CI integration allows you to trigger [new pipelines](https://circleci.com/docs/api/v2/) in Circle CI directly from Port.

## Overview

You can implement this action in two ways:

> 1. **Synced webhook and secrets**: A simpler approach that uses Port's secret management to store your Circle CI credentials
> 2. **Execution agent**: A more complex approach that runs within your infrastructure, keeping credentials in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Synced webhook and secrets**: A simpler approach that uses Port's secret management to store your Circle CI credentials.
2. **Execution agent**: A slightly more complex approach that runs within your infrastructure, keeping credentials in your environment.
```

## Prerequisites

- A Circle CI [personal API token](https://app.circleci.com/settings/user/tokens).
- If you choose to implement using the Execution Agent, you will need to:
  - Install [Helm](https://helm.sh) on your infrastructure
  - Contact Port [support](mailto:support@getport.io) to set up a Kafka topic for your organization.

## Set up data model

> Before implementing either approach, you'll need to create a blueprint for Circle CI projects.  
> Follow the steps below to create the blueprint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before implementing either approach, you will need to create a blueprint for Circle CI projects:
```

1. Go to your [Builder](https://app.getport.io/settings/data-model) page.
2. Click on `+ Blueprint`.
3. Click on the `{...}` button in the top right corner, and choose "Edit JSON".
4. Add this JSON schema:

    <details>
    <summary>Circle CI project blueprint</summary>

    ```json showLineNumbers
    {
      "identifier": "circle_ci_project",
      "title": "CircleCI Project",
      "icon": "CircleCI",
      "schema": {
        "properties": {
          "project_slug": {
            "title": "Slug",
            "type": "string"
          }
        },
        "required": ["project_slug"]
      },
      "mirrorProperties": {},
      "calculationProperties": {},
      "relations": {}
    }
    ```

    </details>

5. Click `Save` to create the blueprint.

## Implementation

<Tabs>

>   <TabItem value="synced-webhook" label="Synced webhook and secrets" default>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <TabItem value="synced-webhook" label="Synced webhook" default>
```

              "branch": {
                "title": "Branch",
                "type": "string",
                "default": "main"
              },
              "parameters": {
                "title": "Parameters",
                "type": "object",
                "default": {}
              }
            },
            "required": ["branch"],
            "order": ["branch", "parameters"]
          },
          "blueprintIdentifier": "circle_ci_project"
        },
        "invocationMethod": {
          "type": "WEBHOOK",
          "url": "{{.secrets.CIRCLE_CI_URL}}/api/v2/project/{{.entity.properties.project_slug}}/pipeline",
          "agent": false,
          "synchronized": true,
          "method": "POST",
          "headers": {
            "Circle-Token": "{{.secrets.CIRCLE_CI_TOKEN}}",
            "Content-Type": "application/json"
          },
          "body": {
            "branch": "{{.inputs.branch}}",
            "parameters": "{{.inputs.parameters}}"
          }
        },
        "requiredApproval": false
      }
      ```
     </details>

  5. Click `Save`.

  Now you should see the `Trigger Circle CI Pipeline` action in the self-service page. 🎉

  </TabItem>

>   <TabItem value="agent" label="Execution Agent">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <TabItem value="agent" label="Execution agent">
```

          "resourceType": "run",
          "status": "TRIGGERED",
          "trigger": "{{ .trigger | {by, origin, at} }}",
          "context": {
            "entity": "{{.entity.identifier}}",
            "blueprint": "{{.action.blueprint}}",
            "runId": "{{.run.id}}"
          },
          "payload": {
            "entity": "{{ (if .entity == {} then null else .entity end) }}",
            "action": {
              "invocationMethod": {
                "type": "WEBHOOK",
                "agent": true,
                "synchronized": false,
                "method": "POST",
                "url": "https://circleci.com"
              },
              "trigger": "{{.trigger.operation}}"
            },
            "properties": {},
            "censoredProperties": "{{.action.encryptedProperties}}"
          }
        }
      },
      "requiredApproval": false
    }
    ```

    </details>

  5. Click `Save`.

  Now you should see the `Trigger Circle CI Pipeline` action in the self-service page. 🎉

<h3> Create the invocations.json mapping</h3>

Create a JSON file named `invocations.json` with the following content:

<details>

> <summary>Mapping - (invocations.json)</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Mapping (invocations.json)</summary>
```
